I don't know how many of these, but it was assumed always that the addition was small and the number of 200 was floating around.
We know that the Siberian snakes in us Galileo tells us that 550 copies per thing, but it sold so fast that he practically had none left for the students.
The Dialogone we know is printed in a thousand, but we don't know how many of them in the Inquisition lot before they were sold.
There has been a literature that Newton's first edition principally was something over 400.
And we know for sure from the correspondence that 750 were made a bit.
Now let's predict what numbers can survive if the survival rate is the same for all the books.
And we'll use as a base this number and the number for the second edition of 30.
And you'll see on the next slide the predicted numbers in LL.
And now you see three striking discrepancies.
So what do you make of it?
A very, very thorough survey being made by the Bishop Raffi that's kept very long shows that this nation holds very strongly even when we look at all the copies in Europe and many copies of the same town.
So I can only judge that it was a promise for Harvard to have so many copies as we do all in the United States.
that really its clarity is such that it's not all that much more common than the Copernicus laws.
And so something fishy is going on there.
And Kaplan had papers for a thousand copies.
There is no way that book was worn out for over the years.
You just have to figure that Kaplan wants to use some of the paper to pay off the printer.
and that they didn't actually print 1,000 of them, the chances are that they would print a date something like 500 a day.
On the Siderius Rosius, it's a very small book.
I learned from Roger Stoddard early on when I was advising Margaret about buying a stone, I was buying some myself, that if you have a very little book, it gets lost.
It's thrown away.
It doesn't survive nearly as much as a big stake in a book like you live others.
I suspect that the Sidereus Gnosius of Gallio were simply read today.
The copies were literally worn out.
The readings were too small.
They were chucked out.
The problem with Newton is I think people have just guessed very badly about the size of the addition.
It has to have been almost as large as the second addition.
So let's look at the final numbers on the next slide in which I have now made some adjustments.
The Principia has to be something over 600.
They would often think that it's probably something like that.
Here's information about English and science.
Based on statistics, it's all numbers, and it is based on a very false assumption that the attrition of the revolution, none of us can be the same as the attrition of a book published 150 years later.
Now, we had an extra hundred century in Iraq to lose how to get the Genesis book.
So, there is some fechiness about what I've done here.
It can't be totally right, but it gives you a ballpark of this.
So now I have to ask, how come do books get destroyed?
Why don't they survive?
And the law record, the lawyer comes down to know, the greatest enemy of books is why?
I was on the Yale Library in the visiting community for five years, and the very first thing that happened to us when we got there was to have a tour of Stirling Library, which had all those beautiful tables in it, so on, to see all the places that we used.
And it came down in damaging ways where it already crashed, just some shortly before I started on the committee.
So after all this millennia, architects still do not discover how to make moves that will leave.
And you get lies, and so on.
You look at copies of the character system, and at least a third of them have absolutely done it.
It is just a great edit book.
The worst case, I can show you on the next block, and this is from a great book called the edit book, is the letter book.
sad, tragic case of this great library was the Pennelly Library that was being shipped from Venice around the Naples.
Tyrants captured the ship.
They were so outraged that it had nothing to focus on, that they built them overboard.
And that included a copy of the First Edition of the Benefits.
So that is one instance of document.
Wayne's book, one of the books on this in the last century, has this story all mixed up, because there was a second female writer that was auctioned in London two centuries later.
It has nothing to do with this story.
The next slide will show us something about the second greatest name of the book, which is
Rodents and worms, this is actually silverfish from Robert Cook's Mycordathia, and the next slide also from White Book, which has been done by the Netwatch Eagle.
We're told, by the way, that they do come to his library, and Oxford is going to be closed now for a year.
because, in fact, they have misestimated how badly the Death Watch field has done in the rafters up above, the roof, and they're going to have to close up again and go to work reconstructing.
As far as I know, the Death Watch field is not pouring holes in their collection in present time.
And rodents.
I wanted to take a slide of several of my books that we can actually see the team marks in it, and I forgot to do this yesterday, but I do have an interesting slide from the Carnegie Institution of Washington Library.
where they were moving their library and they had to put the books in storage for about three months.
When they put them on the sledges and carefully covered them in parts so they wouldn't get wet, but they forgot for the first two or three weeks to put the math boys in it.
And as a result, for the Bronkman, they just have got all these books with no smartphones.
The rats didn't go after the books themselves, but they made the spine of hundreds of books from their life there.
Five, a distant third, excepting for the books that are, that are bombed, and there have been a number of them lost in the last century in that way.
Well, I didn't want to end with this kind of scene, so let me show you Perrinicus, simply because he's been the hero of my story here.
And then finally, since it looked like this, I thought I should show you Perrinicus's library, which is one of those things that was not destroyed in the war, it survived, because it was captured.
It was captured by the Swedish troops and taken off to Sweden.
And it's now in Uppsala where I had to get those books stanched by filling out several dozen cards for each book individually because they were filed according to their subject matter.
And then,
wonderful security over there.
This book is in the observatory library.
So I carried it over from the observatory into the main library to order a photograph and carried it back.
And he was never challenged any longer in his new membership.
Because this has to bring his own handwriting in his copy of this particular book.
It is a wonderful library, and I have to say, as a result of looking at all these of the book, it was pretty funny looking at the annotations.
But Kestler wasn't private, but he said it was an all-time worst seller.
What I found is that copies were owned by the Asian music theoretician, Giuseppe Mizzarino, by the Astoria Architect,
by Juan de Herrera, by the Piaz Thompson-Tayard, by the humanists Llanas Sambucas and Pietro Francesco Giambolari,
one of the copies that's gone to Japan in the last decade or so.
By the antiquaries, John Albrey and William Camden.
By the financier, Johan Yackel-Huber, who night popped in himself, I'm sure I can.
By Henry the second, Philip the second, George the second, Sigismund the second, Augustus, Count Egmont, the electorate Paul Heinrich, and by Luke August, whose library both of them was considered the finest in Europe in the early 18th century.
by St.
Dolorzius Gonzaga, by Gerdano Bruno, by Thomas Diggs, DiProgramme, Galileo, Kepler, and a host of other lesser known medical doctors, astrologers, and miller doctors.
Now these royalties did not annotate their books, but they considered it important to have them in any collection that attempted to be complete.
Many of the rest of these people did annotate their books, and chasing them down has been a wonderful journey over the past few decades.
Thank you.